so what you doing tell it how do you
work what do you do what I do here yeah
I watch new expedites I do if I have to
Wow
one of the TOS systems vos is right here
Marika Marika there's my daughter right
there
how are you gonna see - I think Chef
Ramsay doesn't know what he's stepping
into my dad is just like really set in
his ways and what's not for just the
mint onions and this is visit door -
what's under here
fake carrots bloody hell we put them
today so serve like a cafeteria or
everything all the carrots done or all a
bummer a there's a lot that we cook and
then store it and just take out whatever
it is for the order each order and it's
always this cooked it's cooking right
now yeah no it's not cooking it's cooked
yeah we're cooking food and it's sitting
there
drying out it's all cooked - [ __ ]
doesn't it like a cafeteria - you know
god bless California with so much of the
food prepared in advance y'all figure
that yes this restaurant has no problem
sending dishes out at a rapid pace
please ready
calamari
Caesar salad the student only come out
this quick outlet yeah that's like sort
of flying take it take it
oh my gosh my kid can't tell them
anything you're sailing to the ships
waiting on me the same let's keep going
every all right back again get out
it's just ridiculous like I'm not trying
to stop you I'm trying to help you but
my dad he gets so egotistical about it
sometimes like I miss just a little
eight-year-old getting barked at you're
aren't ya yeah I just need to cool off
after that I know know I can see the
tension
your father's there expediting the food
letting it go sauce dripping all over
the side and it's almost like you he's
given up I mean was he like that ten
years ago no I think he's just
physically exhausted and he's been
working 15 hours a day is whole life
i'ma imagine that do you ever sit down
and say dad you know it's so obvious
where we're going wrong and I want to
help but he doesn't want to listen he's
so stubborn
I don't know it's just horrific this is
turning out to be a very funny Greek
restaurant a little bit different too I
expected
unfortunately for the diners the
restaurant is also different from what
they expected as tray after tray the
lamb chops are supposed to be rare after
tray that wood is very blood gets sent
back to the kitchen oh my god
unbelievably there's almost as much food
coming back as there is going out bother
me but dance no the situation is
frustrating obviously we have problems
with this restaurant but I don't know
what to do exactly coolly you ready huh
okay I'll announce it right now honey
hello everybody welcome to the Greek at
the Harbor my name is eros we're gonna
perform a little dancing for you right
now so please enjoy the show there's
more dances to come
robot
[Music]
[Applause]
what's not cluttering your own Greek
dancing and the belly dancing
[Music]
[Applause]
now I get what he's passionate about
firing a couple other goals despite eros
pleasing some of the diner's with his
dancing
they continue to be far from pleased
with the food still slimy Ares please
where's Mike what is it just to smell
that
just smell inside that inside what's
wrong about it a little bit
I'm not eating nice smell yes it's what
it's good your city Mike you're sick man
I'm very worried about Mikey because it
should be obvious when something's not
cooked properly
there's no way that you can say oh well
they were just complainers it's real
Paris you need to know what's going on
here as well as far as your father's
concerned it's good there's nothing
wrong with their the sprayers oh he's
not even a chef and he knows it's dry
come on Mike just food they'll watch
that [ __ ] come out it's an embarrassment
to Catalonia
I knew this was gonna happen my dad he's
not stupid he's a great cook but he also
is in denial but is a type of first and
asking for help maybe it's a sense of
failure to him
my emotions are deeply hurt from what
Sir Francis says your dis relaxing yeah
it's just really sad you know he's just
an older man that can't really handle it
all I just don't like it what my dad is
so sad
[Music]
you